Q. 1) Quickly explain how middleware is used in an express application.
Ans => Middleware acts a a bridge between the incoming client requests and outgoing server responses.
Middleware is used in express to perform logging, authentication, authorization, error handling, request parsing, response formatting.
Following middleware function are used to add middleware  to express application 
1) app.use()
2) app.get()
3) app.post() etc
It get executed in the order they are added

Q. 2) What does CRUD stand for?
ans => CRUD stands for Create, Read, Update, and  Delete.
Main four basic operations allow you to manipulate data within MongoDB collections.
Create => Add new entries.The create operation involves inserting new documents into a MongoDB collection. (insertOne(), insertMany() method used to insert JSON-like object into a collection)
Read  => Retrieve, search, or view existing entries.
 It involves retrieving documents from a MongoDB collection.
  You can retrieve documents based on certain criteria using the find() method.
   You can also retrieve a single document using the findOne() method.
Update => update or edit existing entries
It involves modifying existing documnets in a MongoDB collection.
You can update documents based on certain criteria using the updateOne() or updateMany() method. 
You can also replace an entire documents using the replaceOne() method.

Delete => delete, deactivate, or remove existing entries
It involves removing documents from an MongoDB collection.
You can delete documents based on certain criteria using the deleteOne() or deleteMany() method.

q. 3) You are careful to store your sensitive information in a .env file.
1) How do you get your app to access the information in the .env file?
ans =>  To get your app to access the information in the .env file you needd to follow following steps :
- Install dotenv (npm install dotenv)
- create a .env file in the root directory of your project.
- Load environment variables using require('dotenv').config();
- Access environment variables eg. const dbUser = process.env.DB_USER;

2) How do you protect the contents of the .env file so that it is not stored in your Github repository?
ans => - Add .env to .gitignore
- Use environment variable
- set up environment variables in your hosting environment
